my name is Burton Avery and I am the
general manager at Sevilla cycles and
it's January fourth 2011 minneapolis
minnesota i guess i should say
bloomington at this point and it's
negative three degrees i'm in on my
regular commute and i wanted to run you
through some of my gear its kind of
introduction and also to talk about
bicycles for smarter living so for me
bicycle swear bicycles for smarter
living is all about health in the
environment I mean getting out every day
on my bike is a simple solution to
complex problems that's the way I see it
and that would that's part of what city
is about so today I'm going to run you
through some when I'm running and we'll
take it from there so when it's below
zero my gear choices kind of change not
in a big way with just small little ones
let's talk about the bike first I'm on a
Sevilla prospect this is a prototype
tried and true geometry plastic styling
traditional drivetrain that can get you
through any kind of weather with a
little maintenance what else I got got a
sevilla by port lead to new year back
there
I got a civvie emission rack yeah
streamline Sevilla stainless steel
fenders that have held up really well in
this cold weather we had mountain we had
mountains of snow in december three
record 33 inches and its really made
commuting all that much more fun so got
my klean kanteen water bottle with a
built neoprene jacket that i can put hot
water in that gets me to work what else
and then let's talk about gear I got a
laser helmet a cast le wind blocker cap
with the visor I'm wearing dita goggles
today I don't always run goggles but
make sure to help their kind of finicky
goggles can be and you don't want always
rely on now all this is just my personal
my personal opinion and kind of what
I've built up over a period of years but
really it comes down yet what you what
you need
then let's see I got a face mask with
balaclava and pick that up at a local
mountaineering store sometimes you have
to go outside cycling for the cold
weather stuff then what do I got I got a
I've X thin jacket windstopper front
with a role in the back excellent jacket
I've X shack jersey ibex base layer I'm
really all for wool in these kind of
conditions and for every day
transportation holds up and you can take
it in lots of different temperatures
let's see wool thrift store knickers
over craft wind blocker pants I got some
rbh vapor barrier socks love those with
Craig oh yeah late boots kind of
modified lake boots there we are there
you have it anything else oh wait I got
some black diamond mercury Mets these
are great it down to negative 20 you
really can't worm if it's over at zero
are there to warm but I all right that's
it for me I'm getting cold Chucky later
like to do this again maybe once a
little warmer so you'll see what I'm
running that all right take care